CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

Collibra Import API tutorial and examples contribution guidelines
=======

Thank you for your interest in the Collibra Import API tutorial and examples project. Whether you are a customer, partner or collaborator, we want to provide the most understandable and useful code to help you build integrations with Collibra. So we are doing our best to keep this repository up-to-date and provide examples that are both generic enough to be helpful for everyone yet complete enough to get you started. We also welcome any collaboration to this project, both from the Collibra team and from third-parties.

To report an issue with this repository, we will be glad to help you through the usual channels, such as [Collibra Support](https://support.collibra.com/) or your Collibra representative. To directly submit some improvements to the code, we welcome any pull request and we will review it as soon as we can.

When contributing to this repository, you should be mindful of the following principles:
- Use *import-api-java-client* as a generic module for building an import client you can base an application on.
- Use *import-api-tutorial* for simple applications that showcase how to use the different features of the import and synchronization components. Each tutorial application is based on reading one source file and is as linear as possible.
- The *data-quality* is an example of a full simple application. 

The Collibra Inbound team.

Commit message:

CATL-4305: explicitly mention section 11 of the developer terms

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

Collibra Import API tutorial and examples contribution guidelines
=======

Thank you for your interest in the Collibra Import API tutorial and examples project. Whether you are a customer, partner or collaborator, we want to provide the most understandable and useful code to help you build integrations with Collibra. So we are doing our best to keep this repository up-to-date and provide examples that are both generic enough to be helpful for everyone yet complete enough to get you started. We also welcome any collaboration to this project, both from the Collibra team and from third-parties.

To report an issue with this repository, we will be glad to help you through the usual channels, such as [Collibra Support](https://support.collibra.com/) or your Collibra representative. To directly submit some improvements to the code, we welcome any pull request and we will review it as soon as we can. However, please remember that by using or accessing the Developer Toolkit, you agree to the [Collibra Developer Terms](https://www.collibra.com/developer-terms) and that per section 11 for those terms, Collibra has no obligation to provide any maintenance or support for the Developer Toolkit (or to end users of your Add-Ons) or to fix any errors or defects.

When contributing to this repository, you should be mindful of the following principles:
- Use *import-api-java-client* as a generic module for building an import client you can base an application on.
- Use *import-api-tutorial* for simple applications that showcase how to use the different features of the import and synchronization components. Each tutorial application is based on reading one source file and is as linear as possible.
- The *data-quality* is an example of a full simple application. 

The Collibra Inbound team.
